Updated the text for Expand/Collapse section to reflect new search ta… (#1849)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/search/get-started-with-search/search-page/navigate-messages-in-search-results.md

> When you run a search your results are provided in a **Messages** tab. If the search conducted an aggregation you'll also get an **Aggregates** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run a search, the results are displayed in the **Messages** tab. If the search conducted an aggregation, an **Aggregates** tab will appear.
```

![Messages and Aggregates tab.png](/img/search/get-started-search/search-page/messages-aggregates-tab.png)

The **Signatures** tab is shown when using [LogReduce](/docs/search/logreduce).

![Signatures tab.png](/img/search/get-started-search/search-page/signatures-tab.png)

> ## Column adjustments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Column Adjustments
```

The table columns can be modified by the following:

> * **Move a Column.** Hold click and drag a column from the header row to a different location in the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Move a Column.** To move a column, click and hold down your mouse button on the column, then drag it to a new location.
```

> * **Change column width.** Hold click and drag the vertical line in between the columns to adjust the width. <br/>![resize column.png](/img/search/get-started-search/search-page/resize-column.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Change column width**. You can adjust the width of the columns by holding down the click and dragging the vertical line in between them. <br/>![resize column.png](/img/search/get-started-search/search-page/resize-column.png)
```

* **Change column height.** Double click the vertical line to the right of a column name to automatically resize the width to fit the content.

> * **Pin columns**: You can pin columns in the table, either in the **Messages** tab or the **Aggregates** tab. When a column is pinned you can scroll to the right and still view it. To pin a column, hover over the column header, and click the pin icon that appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Pin columns**: You can pin columns in the table, either in the **Messages** tab or the **Aggregates** tab. When a column is pinned, you can scroll to the right and still view it. To pin a column, hover over the column header, and click the pin icon that appears.
```

When you run a search, the results are displayed in the **Messages** tab. If the search includes an aggregation, an **Aggregates** tab will also be displayed.

![Messages and Aggregates tab.png](/img/search/get-started-search/search-page/messages-aggregates-tab.png)

The **Signatures** tab is shown when using [LogReduce](/docs/search/logreduce).

![Signatures tab.png](/img/search/get-started-search/search-page/signatures-tab.png)

> ## Column Adjustments

Reviewer 2: Reverting edit. Our style is to use Sentence Case (see [Style Guide](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/contributing/style-guide/#capitalization)).

```suggestion
## Column adjustments
```

* **Change column height.** Double click the vertical line to the right of a column name to automatically resize the width to fit the content.
* **Pin columns**: You can pin columns in the table, either in the **Messages** tab or the **Aggregates** tab. When a column is pinned, you can scroll to the right and still view it. To pin a column, hover over the column header, and click the pin icon that appears.

After you’ve pinned a column, the pin icon has a slash through it. You can click the icon to unpin the column.

## Expand and Collapse

By default, the **Messages** tab shows the collapsed version of messages with each row showing up to 10 lines. To see the full contents of all log messages, including JSON logs, click the **Expand/Collapse** button on the upper right side of the **Messages** table and choose either **Expand All Rows** or **Expand All Rows And JSON** option.

![expand message option.png](/img/search/get-started-search/search-page/expand-message-option.png)

> Click  **Expand/Collapse** on the upper right side of the **Messages** table and select  **Collapse All Rows**  to switch back to the initial collapsed view.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click **Expand/Collapse** on the upper right side of the **Messages** table, then select  **Collapse All Rows**  to switch back to the initial collapsed view.
```

> ## Copy Message

Reviewer 2: Reverting edit. Our style is to use Sentence Case (see [Style Guide](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/contributing/style-guide/#capitalization)).

```suggestion
## Copy message
```

The **Messages** tab allows you to right-click a table cell to copy the raw message to your clipboard.

![copy message option.png](/img/search/get-started-search/search-page/copy-message-option.png)

> ## Keyboard Accessibility

Reviewer 2: Reverting edit. Our style is to use Sentence Case (see [Style Guide](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/contributing/style-guide/#capitalization)).

```suggestion
## Keyboard accessibility
```

> ## Expand and collapse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Expand and Collapse
```

> By default, the **Messages** tab shows the collapsed version of messages with each row showing up to 10 lines. Click **Expand/Collapse** on the upper right side of the **Messages** table to select  **Expand All Rows** or  **Expand All Rows And JSON** option view the full contents of all your log messages including JSON logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the **Messages** tab shows the collapsed version of messages with each row showing up to 10 lines. To see the full contents of all log messages, including JSON logs, click the **Expand/Collapse** button on the upper right side of the **Messages** table and choose either **Expand All Rows** or **Expand All Rows And JSON** option.
```

![expand message option.png](/img/search/get-started-search/search-page/expand-message-option.png)

> Click  **Expand/Collapse** on the upper right side of the **Messages** table and select  **Collapse All Rows**  to switch back the initial collapsed view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click  **Expand/Collapse** on the upper right side of the **Messages** table and select  **Collapse All Rows**  to switch back to the initial collapsed view.
```

> ## Copy message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Copy Message
```

The **Messages** tab allows you to right-click a table cell to copy the raw message to your clipboard.

![copy message option.png](/img/search/get-started-search/search-page/copy-message-option.png)

> ## Keyboard accessibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Keyboard Accessibility
```

Click anywhere on the table in the **Messages** or **Aggregates** tab and you can use the up and down keyboard keys to navigate your results.

## Pages

If you have many pages of results, you have several options for navigation:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
